[4.3.0] Update VS Code docs (#555)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-endpoint-templates.md

# Create an Endpoint Template

> Follow the instructions given below to create a new Endpoint Template in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to create a new Endpoint Template in the Micro Integrator for Visual Studio Code extension (MI for VS Code).
```

## Instructions

### Create the endpoint template artifact

{!includes/creating-project.md!}

3. Go to **Micro Integrator Project Explorer** > **Templates**. 

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint-template/create-new-template.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint-template/create-new-template.png" alt="Create endpoint template" width="30%"></a>

4. Hover over **Templates** and click the **+** icon that appears to open the below **Template Form**.

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-template.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/tutorials/add-template.png" alt="Add-template" width="30%"></a>

> 5. This will open the **Template Form** shown below, from which you can select the **Template Artifact**. Select the endpoint template type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. This will open the **Template Form** shown below, where you can select the **Template Artifact**. Select the endpoint template type.
```

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint-template/template-form.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint-template/template-form.png" alt="Template form" width="80%"></a>

    !!! note
        There are four Endpoint Templates available: 
    
        - **Address Endpoint Template**
        - **Default Endpoint Template**
        - **HTTP Endpoint Template**
        - **WSDL Endpoint Template**

    This will open the respective **Endpoint Form**.

6. Enter a unique name for the template.

7. Specify values for the [required parameters]({{base_path}}/reference/synapse-properties/template-properties/#endpoint-template-properties) for the selected endpoint type.

> 8. Also, update the endpoint parameter values with placeholders that are prefixed by `$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Also, update the endpoint parameter values with placeholders prefixed by `$`.
```

5. From the **Template** dropdown, select the endpoint template you created in a [previous step](#create-the-endpoint-template-artifact).

6. Click **Create**.

    Endpoints cannot be added directly to the integration sequence. Instead, they must be invoked using the [Send Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/send-mediator) or the [Call Mediator]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/call-mediator).

    Therefore, to add an endpoint artifact to the integration sequence, use the Send Mediator or the Call Mediator.

1.	Open the **Design View** of your [mediation sequence]({{base_path}}/reference/mediation-sequences).
2.  Add the **Call Endpoint** mediator from the palette under **All Mediators** > **Generic** section to the relevant position in the mediation sequence:

    <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint/select-call-endpoint.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/develop/create-artifacts/create-endpoint/select-call-endpoint.png" alt="Select call endpoint" width="30%"></a>

    !!! Tip
        Similarly, you can use the Send Mediator instead of the Call Mediator.

> 3. In the **Call Endpoint** form, select the endpoint that you need to invoke under **Select Endpoint**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Call Endpoint** form, select the endpoint you need to invoke under **Select Endpoint**.
```
